- 'todos' will be objects, created using a factory function
- properties for todo items?
    1) title
    2) description
    3) dueDate
    4) priority
- different lists of todos called projects
  (include a 'default' project, so the inbox)


Things to think about:

1) Interface: 
 - Inbox
 - Sidebar with list of all Projects (open a project
and all associated tasks come up)
 - Filters (filter across all projects, filter on:
priority, dueDate, todos done and not done yet)

2) Have a project entity which has a list of todo items 
   Given the "id" of a task, change the todo as complete, priority etc 

Tasks:
1. Create homepage (done)
2. Create primitives (todos, projects) (done)
3. Link project creation with the DOM (done)
4. Functions to delete projects (done)
5. Open a new "tab" for each project (done)
6. Create a todo creation element (done)
7. "Task can't be empty" bug (done)
8. Add todos to every project (done)
9. Make sure "tab switching" b/w projects (minus inbox) works flawlessly (done)
10. Make buttons look prettier (done)
11. Provision to delete todos (done)
12. Make priorities work, color coding (done)
13. Element to set todo as complete (done)
14. Provision to edit todos (done)
15. Make sure updated todo values are valid (done)
16. Provision to edit todos - test (done)
        1) deleting todo while editing (check)
        2) clicking on edit again (check)
        3) moving to a different tab (check)     
17. Debug the whole inbox concept (done)
  (make sure are exit() functions are called, in case the user 
  switches to the inbox w/o cicking on cancel - look at the 
  projectPage file for reference)
        1) Initialize data structures with the default value (check)
        2) Show the proper default page (check)
  Remaining: testing (check)
18. Bug in deleting a task in the inbox (done)
19. What happens if we're on a project and delete it? Should redirect to inbox (done)
20. Enhancement: redirect to inbox only when the user was on the deleted tab (done)
21. Get today tab to work (done)
22. Bug: When I click on edit in the today tab, the todo disappears (done)
  [there was an error in the checkDueToday function, I didn't find the todo object to
  find its due date property. once this was resolved, it had to be made sure that this
  function will execute only *after* the todo is edited. so instead of adding an event 
  listener for the edit button, I called the check() function in the edit todo function,
  provided that the user is on the today page.]
23. Get next week tab to work (done)
24. What happens when a todo is edited on the bext week tab? (done)
25. Add a bottom margin for "today" and "this week" headers (done)
26. Add a "nothing due" text if today / next week is empty (done)
27. Add persistence for task status (whether it is done/not done) (done)
28. Bug: checkbox disappears when edit button is clicked?? (done)
29. Bug: due this week tab doesn't work for tasks due on previous days of the week (done)
30. Clicking on edit on "due this week" corrupts the JSON (done)
31. Local storage (done)
32. Dealing with corrupted JSON (done)
33. 404: assets not found (gh pages deployment) (done)
34. Bug: projectData becomes undefined when you delete a project while in it (done)
35. Dealing with expired/overdue todos (use a filter in inbox/ automatically change its color?) (done)
36. Bug: when in the inbox tab, when someone deletes a project, those associated tasks still stay (done)
37. Hover effects for edit and delete button, currently only the cursor changes (done)
38. Functionality to hide all projects (done)
39. Add number of days left (done)

40. Filtering (priorities, completed / not completed, overdue)
41. Make it responsive
42. Transitions for when a DOM element is deleted
43. Dark mode

- Brainstorm how to organize stuff